Tickets/dm 47843 (#3)
lsst-ts/ts_rotgui: doc/developer-guide/developer-guide.rst

* **MainWindow** is the main window of the application.
* **Model** contains the main business logic in the application.
* **ControlPanel** has the commands to control the controller.
* **Config** is a data class that has the configuration details in the rotator control system.
* **Status** is a data class that has the current controller status.

The model–view–controller (MVC) architecture is used in this module.
In this design, the view always shows the data sent from the model.

> This helps to minimize the business logic in view and makes the tests easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps minimize the business logic in view and makes testing easier.
```

Author: Improved in the commit: [9135b21](https://github.com/lsst-ts/ts_rotgui/pull/3/commits/9135b21900f0f24ecdb4dc0b5f0b99fd9a2a9b39). Thanks!

The `Qt signal <https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/signalsandslots.html>`_ is used to do the data exchange.
The `emit()` and `connect()` in the class diagrams mean the class **emits** a specific signal and **connects** it to a specific callback function.

> Signals are holded and emitted from the **Model** to simplify the management of signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signals are held and emitted from the **Model** to simplify the management of signals.
```

Author: Improved in the commit: [9135b21](https://github.com/lsst-ts/ts_rotgui/pull/3/commits/9135b21900f0f24ecdb4dc0b5f0b99fd9a2a9b39). Thanks!
